# Version 2.0.1
*17.08.2020*

## Fixating Testo Lang syntax and backward compatibility guarantees.

Major update reflects fixating the main concepts and syntax constructs in Testo Lang. We have a clear vision for the Testo Lang future and we have a lot of new features planned for 2.x versions. However we are certain that new features won't lead to losing backward compatibility.

And thus we hereby give you our guarantees that starting with 2.0.1 Testo version all the already working tests will work in any future 2.x Testo version. In an unlikely event of backward compatibility-breaking syntax change, Testo will support the old syntax for some time. Additionally, a message will pop up warning of using deprecated syntax.

## License file changes

A license file for a GPU-based Testo has a new format. Now the license is binded to a videocard card serial number. To get a license you need to generate a license-request with the `testo request_license` command.

## Redesign of Virtual Flash Drives managing

The Virtual Flash Drive managing is completely re-done. Thus the tests using virtual flash drives reliability increased greatly.

## Extended actions parameterization possibilities

Several actions now can take strings as some arguments (instead of the usual literals). In this strings param referencing is available (as in any other strings). Below you can see the complete list of arguments that now may be passed as strings:

- `timeout` value in `shutdown` actions;
- `interval` value in `press` actions;
- `interval` value in `type` actions;
- `timeout` value in `sleep` actions;
- `timeout` and `interval` values in `wait` actions;
- `timeout` and `interval` values in `check` expressions;
- `timeout` value in `mouse` actions;
- name values in plug/unplug flash/link/nic actions;
- `timeout` value in `exec` actions;
- `timeout` value in copyto/copyfrom actions.

Now you could, for example, place an `plug flash` action in a macro with the flash name passed as the macro argument.

## Param resolving algorithm changes

When triyng to reference a param which wasn't declared an error will be generated (instead of returning an empty string).

To check whether a param is declared or not a new expression `DEFINED` is now available in `if` statements.

## Other changes

- Now `RANGE` could take integers as aguments (as well as strings).
- A command cotain exactly one virtual machine, no more.
- The Windows guest additions installer is now English.

## Download links

- [testo-2.0.1-cpu.deb](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.0.1/testo-2.0.1-cpu.deb)
- [testo-2.0.1-gpu.deb](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.0.1/testo-2.0.1-gpu.deb)
- [testo-2.0.1-cpu.rpm](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.0.1/testo-2.0.1-cpu.rpm)
- [testo-2.0.1-gpu.rpm](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.0.1/testo-2.0.1-gpu.rpm)
- [testo-guest-additions-2.0.1.iso](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.0.1/testo-guest-additions-2.0.1.iso)
