# Version 2.2.9
*19.12.2020*

## Image detection and improved text recognition

Testo Framework now provides you with the opportunity to detect images on the screen (additionally to detecting text). Image detection can be used in the actions `wait`, `click(lclick, rclick, dclick)` and the `check` expressions.

See more [here](/en/docs/lang/detect_img).

In addition, the accuracy of text recognition has been significantly improved, including large text, italics and bold text.

## GeForce RTX 30 Series support

Added support for the latest series of video cards. Please note that the Testo GPU-version now requires a CUDA driver with CUDA version 11.1 support.

## Improved performance of guest additions

The `copyto` and `copyfrom` actions now work much faster and are suitable for copying very large files. Guest additions use no more than 1MB of RAM for their work. When updating Testo to a new version, do not forget to update the ISO image with guest additions.

## Macros with commands

[Macros](/en/docs/lang/macro) now can consist of commands (additionally to macros with actions). See the macro with commands usage example [here](/en/docs/tutorials/qemu/09_macros).

## `video` virtual machine attribute

Now you can change the settings for the emulated video device in [virtual machines](/en/docs/lang/machine) with the new `video` attribute.

## Custom virtual machine loaders

Now it is possible to customize the [virtual machine](/en/docs/lang/machine) boot loader if, for some reason, you're not OK with the default boot loader.

## Testo interpreter exit codes

Testo interpreter now has several exit codes. See [here](/en/docs/getting_started/starting) for more information.

## Downloads

- [testo-2.2.9-cpu.deb](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.2.9/testo-2.2.9-cpu.deb)
- [testo-2.2.9-gpu.deb](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.2.9/testo-2.2.9-gpu.deb)
- [testo-2.2.9-cpu.rpm](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.2.9/testo-2.2.9-cpu.rpm)
- [testo-2.2.9-gpu.rpm](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.2.9/testo-2.2.9-gpu.rpm)
- [testo-guest-additions-2.2.9.iso](https://testo-lang.ru/storage/dist/v2.2.9/testo-guest-additions-2.2.9.iso)
